c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Drawing.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Drawing.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.frmTestDatabase.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe.licenses
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.pdb
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.pdb
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.2.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.Desktop.v20.2.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v20.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v20.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.frmTestDatabase.resources
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\user\Downloads\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe.licenses
D:\LibraryForAdo.NET\Ado.Net\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\bin\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe.config
D:\LibraryForAdo.NET\Ado.Net\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.exe
D:\LibraryForAdo.NET\Ado.Net\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase1\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase\obj\Debug\ClassFullOperatorsForDataBase.pdb
